Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about food? The man is eating the food.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about family? My mother is my best friend.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about traffic? The car is going to the left.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about weather? The sky is cloudy in the morning.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about food? The man is eating the food.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about family? My mother is my best friend.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about traffic? The car is going to the left.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about weather? The sky is cloudy in the morning.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about food? The man is eating the food.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about family? My mother is my best friend.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about traffic? The car is going to the left.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about weather? The sky is cloudy in the morning.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about food? The man is eating the food.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about family? My mother is my best friend.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about traffic? The car is going to the left.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about weather? The sky is cloudy in the morning.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about food? The man is eating the food.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about family? My mother is my best friend.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about traffic? The car is going to the left.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about weather? The sky is cloudy in the morning.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about food? The man is eating the food.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about family? My mother is my best friend.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about traffic? The car is going to the left.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about weather? The sky is cloudy in the morning.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about food? The man is eating the food.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about family? My mother is my best friend.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about traffic? The car is going to the left.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about weather? The sky is cloudy in the morning.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about food? The man is eating the food.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about family? My mother is my best friend.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about traffic? The car is going to the left.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about weather? The sky is cloudy in the morning.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about food? The man is eating the food.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about family? My mother is my best friend.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about traffic? The car is going to the left.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about weather? The sky is cloudy in the morning.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about food? The man is eating the food.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about family? My mother is my best friend.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about traffic? The car is going to the left.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about weather? The sky is cloudy in the morning.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about food? The man is eating the food.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about family? My mother is my best friend.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about traffic? The car is going to the left.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about weather? The sky is cloudy in the morning.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about food? The man is eating the food.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about family? My mother is my best friend.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about traffic? The car is going to the left.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about weather? The sky is cloudy in the morning.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about food? The man is eating the food.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about family? My mother is my best friend.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about traffic? The car is going to the left.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about weather? The sky is cloudy in the morning.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about food? The man is eating the food.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about family? My mother is my best friend.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about traffic? The car is going to the left.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about weather? The sky is cloudy in the morning.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about food? The man is eating the food.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about family? My mother is my best friend.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about traffic? The car is going to the left.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about weather? The sky is cloudy in the morning.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about food? The man is eating the food.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about family? My mother is my best friend.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about traffic? The car is going to the left.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about weather? The sky is cloudy in the morning.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about food? The man is eating the food.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about family? My mother is my best friend.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about traffic? The car is going to the left.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about weather? The sky is cloudy in the morning.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about food? The man is eating the food.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about family? My mother is my best friend.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about traffic? The car is going to the left.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about weather? The sky is cloudy in the morning.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about food? The man is eating the food.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about family? My mother is my best friend.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about traffic? The car is going to the left.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about weather? The sky is cloudy in the morning.<eos>

Assuming that you are an English-Hindi bilingual speaker,
how would you write a natural English-Hindi code-mixed
sentence about food? The man is eating the food.